---
title: "Approval Code"
date: 2022-12-10
draft: false
author: "ERP Crew"
description: ""
pinned: false
hideToc: false
enableToc: true
enableTocContent: false
weight : 7 

---

### Introduction
A new feature to create a one-time code that can be used within the system to update or modify some values. 
For now, this is being used only in the sales order to create a sales order even if there is an outstanding for a particular party.
<!-- For now, this is being used only in the party master to change the credit limit. -->

#### Why it was added?
- The approval code feature addition enables the non-admin user to change a few values.
Earlier, only the admins were allowed to change some values in the system.
- Now the user with the approval code can change the values.

#### How to use the approval code.
- To use the approval code, one must make it active in the system parameters. 
- Only the superuser can make that change.
- When you want to use the approval code, you can click on generate button.
- It will generate a 6-digit number that will be active for only 5 mins.
<!-- - The user can use the generated code in the party master to change the credit limit. -->
- The user can use the generated code in the sales order creation when there is an outstanding amount for that party.
- There are four validations for the approval code.
    1. If the user enters an invalid approval code, it will show a message stating:
    <b>"The approval code is invalid."</b>
    2. If the user enters an expired approval code, it will show a message:
    <b> "This code has Expired."</b>
    3. If the user enters an already-used approval code, it will show a message: <b>"This code is already Used. Please generate a new one."</b>
    4. When the approval code is generated it will be valid for 5 mins only <b>"This code will be valid upto 5 minutes only."</b>
 #### Features
|Features|   
  |:------|
  | Generate Approval Code <br> - Auto-generated by the system.